Fix dependencies to unreleased sdk/logtest (#6800)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixes

> - Use the proper dependency version for the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log/logtest`. (#6800)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the proper dependency version of `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log/logtest` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploggrpc` and . (#6800)
- Use the proper dependency version of `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log/logtest` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploghttp` and . (#6800)
- Use the proper dependency version of `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/log/logtest` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/stdout/stdoutlog/` and . (#6800)
```
